we know it was going to be a tough game
we'd had a much last week away and
they've made quite a few changes to the
side that we actually her when until
last week so you know that's were out a
little but we know that they were tough
side a lot of their players in and
around their group I've got you know
lime and premier experience and we know
this didn't know the game wasn't going
to be an easy one it was a banana skin
and such being team from the lower
division but it was a game that we were
going into relatively confident that we
could get a result but knowing you know
not taking anything for granted with the
opposition so we've prepared properly
and they proved true very true i mean
first 15-20 minutes there's only one
team in it really i felt you know we
hadn't got started it was very much all
then they were asking all the questions
really from our first attack they didn't
clear the first phase of it very well
and you know our wing aloo bargain chef
reacted quickly managed to nod it
through to bail out
I'm allows got so much quality it's he's
not touch the boy I fink in and around
that first 15 minutes but second touches
in the back of the net so although you
haven't been great you've still got the
potential to hurt teams and it's very
much a smash-and-grab first 15 20
minutes they've always dangerous and I
thought the penalty that they obviously
equalized with you know and the 40th
minute was a Miss dubious
I think it was harsh it was soft but the
other bench will obviously feel it was
worthy so to go in 11 i said to the boys
we didn't deserve no more than 11 after
i honestly didn't feel that you know we
want it being any further than than
level but i change the system second off
I you know sacrificed one of you know
one of our important players at the
midfield to get another player on in the
final third and it was in we popped up
and got the winning goal time would put
it as fortune some will put it down you
know good management but I'll go for the
latter I was good passage of play food a
midfield ball broke to Lee O'Leary cut
inside and Lee a tremendous shot from 30
35 yards I think it hit both posts name
who was going to react first in the box
would either get the glory nor clear the
danger but you know it happened to be me
substitute had gone on and reacted nice
and quietly and smash their home so you
know that was a pleasing because they'd
only been on the pit remembers his first
touch so you know it gave us something
to hang on to something to defend
something to you know take care of and I
think that's what we did do
oh we got a very young side and they're
improving all the time some of these
players have been around me for an awful
long time and you know just including
the improvement and the steel that
they're starting to show as a young
individual which normally comes with
experience is you know starting to pay
dividend and I think our league position
and on progression in the FA Cup is no
true reflection of where we've got to it
they've been very very much a team
effort I don't mean is any doubt it says
it's we were very much about the team
than more so than the individuals oh
which is protected our lead I don't
think we were still very good you know
in possession and a born I don't think
we was great going forward but you know
what we did was protect a lead and you
know where you know give credit to the
boys for doing that in the end because
they really for everything Cass and you
know to come off the pitch victorious is
obviously really pleasing for all at the
football club we obviously go into the
next round with one away from the
supposed big boys we hope that the jaw
is kind to us bit in the same sentence
we would like to be picking our wits
against you know tough opposition and
that's no no no pun mentoring the type
the team that we play today but you know
we hope it's going to us we hope we're
at home and we hope we can progress but
you know we'll enjoy it will enjoy today
and will we wait with bated breath
Monday hoping that we can you know it
could be kind